# Staking Farm 2.0     
* Published on: 2022-07-29 (we expect the challenge to ready for the participants on 2022-07-29; until then it is considered a draft and minor changes may occur)
* Updated on: 2022-07-29
* Submitted by: LiNEAR
* Rewards: 30 DNP + 50 UNP + 200 USD in $LiNEAR for best submission

### Description:
Aurora launched the first staking farm on NEAR early this year and there’s a lot of fun. However there are still some unresolved problems associated with it, such as how to make the APY sustainable, how to make staking farm more decentralized and how one user could earn multiple staking farm rewards at the same time, etc. Please propose an improved staking farm solution which could help to solve some of these challenges.

### Deliverable:
- A working staking farm 2.0 smart contract
- Design documents and technical notes.

### Acceptance criteria:
- The solution should be based on the existing NEAR staking system. 
- Either a working smart contract or a practical proposal is welcomed.
- A clear illustration of how the new proposed solution can improve existing staking farm is required.

### Judging criterias:
- Full understanding of the current staking farm mechanism. (1 point)
- The proposed solution has improvements in one or more dimensions, and no significant drawbacks are introduced. (4 points)
- The proposed solution is feasible based on the current NEAR ecosystem. (2 points)
- A working NEAR smart contract or a detailed tech doc is provided. (3 points)

### Submit
Please submit your work to: https://forms.gle/uNrUFwc1vEHEgQuN7
